---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

**What did you do this past week**

I went to my classes this week and I am very happy with the classes I am taking this semester. I am taking this class of course, Software Design with Dr. Batory, Intro to Security with Dr. Young, and the online accounting class.
I feel like this will be a fairly lightweight semester with only SWE and maybe Software Design that will take up some time. Also, I installed Windows 7 on my laptop on a new partition alongside a Ubuntu partition. I installed Windows 7
because it seems like the Software Design class requires a Windows machine? I'm not entirely sure but the first project had me using the MSDOS. 


**What's in your way?**

I haven't coded since last semester. I spent all winter break being lazy, playing World of Warcraft (I have since quit to focus on my studies), and binge watching Netflix. Thankfully, this semester, I will be coding in Java for Software Design and Intro to Security, and I am comfortable in Java. However, in SWE, I will be using Python and I have not coded in Python in 2 years. I hope to step up my Python game this semester for the first two projects in SWE. Also, I have not 
taken OOP yet so I feel like I am at a disadvantage because the tools and software used in OOP and SWE are similar along with the class rigor.


**What will you do next week**

I'll have to get started on the Collatz project but I am hoping to start sooner during the weekend. Even though the project seems fairly easy, I do not want to start late. I will be going to the study sessions on Monday and Wednesday
to get help if I get stuck (which I probably will). I am also considering getting a part time job and earn some side cash, but I'm not sure if it is really worth it. I have Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays off, but I might want to use those days to study and relax.

**This class**

Coming into Spring 2017, this was the class that I was most looking forward too. On Tuesday, I came early and chose to sit in the back. Wrong choice as I could bareley see the projector screen. Also, the markers that Dr. Fraij were using were almost dead, I wanted to lend him my own but I was too tired to do it, sorry. On Thursday, I sat in the front, and while the room got brand new markers, the projecter screen was still hard to see. I think its the quality of the screen and not
my eyesight. 

Anyways, both lectures were awesome and I am glad that the class is and hour and a half long. It is also cool that there are quizzes and Dr. Fraij class out students because I will be studying and reading so that I don't fail the quizzes.


**Tip of the week**

You can download Microsoft operating systems from the CS department through the MSDN/Dreamspark program that UTCS is apart of. Here is a [link](http://www.cs.utexas.edu/facilities/software-downloads) to the page for more information.
You'll have to sign up for one and then you can download the 32-bit and 64-bit versions Windows 8.1, Windows 7, and more. If you email msdn@cs.utexas.edu, you can requests the product key to activate the operating system. I have been waiting 3 days for mine but I hope it comes in soon!
