---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

**What did you do this past week**

This week, I met up with Jinwook to start on the front-end of phase 3. We created the search bar in the home page. The user will type in his/her search terms and when the search button is clicked, a GET request will be sent to the backend which will query the search terms through our database and return a JSON page of the results. The back-end team will be doing most of the work for the search feature, while Jinwook and I will be using smashdb's API. We decided to create interesting statistics with graphs based on smashdb's API. 

**What's in your way?**

There is only three weeks left of this semester. I have phase 3 of IDB due this week. I have my last security project due in two weeks, and my last Software Design project due in the last week of class. I have the last exam for security and this class on the last class day. It will be a tought last stretch of this semester but I will finish strong!

**What will you do next week**

The plan for next week is to finish phase 3 and start on my security project to get it out of the way. 

**This class**

We discussed more refactorings this week. I learned a lot on refactoring my software design class. In my software design class, we learned about refactorings through class diagrams. In this class, we learned refactoring by going through code. I prefer to learn refactoring through class diagram because it is more clear and I don't have to worry about the details.

**Tip of the week**

If you don't know yet, you can get 6 months free of Amazon prime through a .edu email. This includes your utexas.edu email, your cs.utexas.edu email, and any other colleges where you've applied. 