---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

**What did you do this past week**

This past week, I finished the Collatz project. I had already finished the coding part and getting it accepted on SPOJ the week before. This week I was completing the other requirements such as the log and documentation. Overrall, I very much enjoyed the project and optimizing the problem with a meta cache. The requirements seemed duanting at first but it was actually pretty easy. 

My other classes, I had a very interesting programming assingment for Software Design that took quite a while for my partner and I to compelte. In Intro to Security, I learned about Multi-level security. In accounting, I learned more about boring accounting stuff as usual.


**What's in your way?**

Programming projects! I have three this week. The Netflix project for this class, another programming assignment for Software Design, and my first programming assigment for Intro to Security. I heard about the Netflix project from friends who took OOP and SWE, and I am really looking forward to it. I'm not really looking forward to the other two projects because they seem boring and don't interest me.


**What will you do next week**

Going to keep on grinding and take it day by day. Hopefully the Netflix project is released soon so that I can get started on it. I need to finish the first programming project for Intro to Security. I heard it's easy and should only take about an hour max. 


**This class**

Another great week of lectures in SWE yet very confusing on Tuesday. We went over the more basics on Python. I'm having a hard time grasping lists vs tuples and when they get changed. For example. on Thursday I was almost caught off guard on the quiz where there were 2 tuples, 1 tuple being in another one. I recall the example in class on Tuesday dealt with a list in a tuple, and I knew it had to be different for a tuple in a tuple. These daily quizzes are going to give me a heart attack one day if I'm not prepared for them.

The lecture on Thursday was really good. I like it when Dr. Fares makes us write functions on paper. I don't even remember the last time I wrote any code on paper. The python Reduction function is useful and I want to incorporate it on the Netflix project if I can.


**Tip of the week**

To keep myself motivated and on task, I bought a medium sized whiteboard and hung it on my wall in my apartment. I have a to-do list for each class that needs to be completed for the day. Tasks such as "Write the weekly blog" for SWE, "start unit 3 in accounting" for Accounting. Everytime I compelete a task, I place a checkmark next to it. It makes my feel like I have accomplished something for the day and keeps me motivated. The whiteboard plus the expo markers and eraser cost me about ~$30 on Amazon.
